Q: What does a nosey pepper do? A: Gets jalapeno business!
Q: What do you call a fake noodle? A: An Impasta 
Q: What do you call an alligator in a vest? A: An Investigator 
Q: What happens if you eat yeast and shoe polish? A: Every morning you'll rise and shine! 
Q: "What's the difference between a guitar and a fish?" A: "You can't tuna fish." 
Q: What do you call a pile of kittens A: a meowntain Q: What do you call a baby monkey? A: A Chimp off the old block. 
Q: Did you hear about the race between the lettuce and the tomato? A: The lettuce was a "head" and the tomato was trying to "ketchup"! 
Q: Did you hear about the hungry clock? A: It went back four seconds. 
Q: What do you call a boy who finally stood up to the bullies? A: An ambulance. 
Q: Why can't you give Elsa a balloon? A: Because she will Let it go. 
Q: What do you get from a pampered cow? A: Spoiled milk. 
Q: If Mississippi bought Virginia a New Jersey, what would Delaware? A: Idaho... Alaska! 
Q: Did you hear about that new broom? A: It's sweeping the nation! 
Q: What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? A: An irrelephant. 
Q: What do lawyers wear to court? A: Lawsuits! 
Q: What gets wetter the more it dries? A: A towel. 
Q: Where do crayons go on vacation? A: Color-ado! 
Q: Why did the belt get arrested? A: He held up a pair of pants. 
Q: What do you call a fat psychic? A: A four chin teller. 
Q: What do you call a computer floating in the ocean? A: A Dell Rolling in the Deep. 
Q: What did Bacon say to Tomato? A: Lettuce get together!
Q: What do you call a computer that sings? A: A-Dell 
Q: Did you hear about the shampoo shortage in Jamaica? A: It's dread-full. 
Q: What is it called when a cat wins a dog show? A: A CAT-HAS-TROPHY! 
Q: How do you make a tissue dance? A: Put a little boogey in it! 
Q: What is heavy forward but not backward? A: Ton. 
Q: What do you call a gangsta snowman? A: Froze-T 
Q: What did the femur say to the patella? A: I kneed you. 
Q: What do you get if you cross a cat with a dark horse? A: Kitty Perry 
Q: Why did the picture go to jail? A: Because it was framed. 
Q: What do you call a three-footed aardvark? A: a yardvark! 
Q: What do you get when you cross fish and an elephant? A: Swimming trunks. 
Q: Where do bees go to the bathroom? A: At the BP station! 
Q: Who earns a living driving their customers away? A: A taxi driver. 
Q: What do you call a laughing jar of mayonnaise? A: LMAYO 
Q: What do you call a dinosaur with a extensive vocabulary? A: a thesaurus.
Q: "How do you shoot a killer bee?" A: "With a bee bee gun." 
Q: How do you drown a Hipster? A: In the mainstream. 
Q: What kind of jokes do you make in the shower? A: Clean Jokes! 
Q: What did the baby corn say to the mama corn? A: "Where's Popcorn?" 
Q: What do you call sad coffee?" A: Despresso. 
Q: How do you make holy water? A: Boil the hell out of it! 
Q: What happened to the dog that swallowed a firefly? A: It barked with de-light! 
Q: What stays in the corner and travels all over the world? A: A stamp 
Q: What's easy to get into but hard to get out of? A: Trouble 
Q: Did you hear about the guy who died when an axe fell on him? A: The police are calling it an axe-i-dent. 
Q: Why did the dinosaur cross the road? A: Because the chicken joke wasn't invented yet. 
Q: What kind of lights did Noah use on the Ark? A: Flood lights! 
Q: Did you hear about the monster with five legs? A: His trousers fit him like a glove. 
Q: Why don't you see giraffes in elementary school? A: Because they're all in High School! 
Q: Which is the longest word in the dictionary? A: "Smiles", because there is a mile between each "s"! 
Q: What happened to the wooden car with wooden wheels and wooden engine? A: it wooden go! 
Q: Which month do soldiers hate most? A: The month of March! 
Q: What did the painter say to the wall? A: One more crack like that and I'll plaster you! 
Q: What do you call a Bee who is having a bad hair day? A: A Frisbee. 
Q: What did the M&M go to college? A: Because he wanted to be a Smarty. 
Q: What stays on the ground but never gets dirty? A: Shadow. 
Q: What kind of shorts do clouds wear? A: Thunderwear 
Q: Why do golfers wear two pairs of pants? A: In case they get a hole in one! 
Q: What kind of berry has a coloring book? A: A crayon-berry 
Q: What do you call a magician on a plane? A: A flying sorcerer!
Q: Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill? A: He wanted to get to the bottom. 
Q: Who cleans the bottom of the ocean? A: A Mer-Maid 
Q: Whens the best time to go to the dentist? A: Tooth-hurty 
Q: What did one aspiring wig say to the other aspiring wig? A: I wanna get a head! 
Q: Did you hear about the paddle sale at the boat store? A: It was quite an oar deal. 
Q: Why did Goofy put a clock under his desk? A: Because he wanted to work over-time! 
Q: Do you know why diarrhea is hereditary? A: Because it runs through your jeans.
Q: What do you call a South American girl who is always in a hurry? A: Urgent Tina 
Q: Why did Johnny throw the clock out of the window? A: Because he wanted to see time fly! 
Q: When do you stop at green and go at red? A: When you're eating a watermelon! 
Q: What did the tailor think of her new job? A: It was sew sew. 
Q: How did the farmer mend his pants? A: With cabbage patches!
Q: Why did the man lose his job at the orange juice factory? A: He couldn't concentrate! 
Q: Can I tell you a joke about paper. A: Nah, never mind, its tearable. 
Q: How do you repair a broken tomato? A: Tomato Paste! 
Q: Why did the baby strawberry cry? A: Because his parents were in a jam! 
Q: What did the hamburger name his daughter? A: Patty! 
Q: What kind of egg did the bad chicken lay? A: A deviled egg! 
Q: What kind of key opens the door on Thanksgiving? A: A turkey! 
Q: Why did the cookie go to the hospital? A: He felt crummy! 
Q: Why were the teacher's eyes crossed? A: She couldn't control her pupils! 
Q: What do you call a guy who never farts in public? A: A private tutor. 
Q: What do you call a bear with no socks on? A: Bare-foot. 
Q: What can you serve but never eat? A: A volleyball. 
Q: What kind of shoes do all spies wear? A: Sneakers. 
Q: Why did the soccer player bring string to the game? A: So he could tie the score. 
Q: Why is a baseball team similar to a muffin? A: They both depend on the batter. 
Q: What did the alien say to the garden? A: Take me to your weeder. 
Q: What do you call two fat people having a chat? A: A heavy discussion. 
Q: Did you hear about the two bed bugs who met in the mattress? A: They got married in the spring. 
Q: Why do watermelons have fancy weddings? A: Because they cantaloupe. 
Q: Have you heard the joke about the butter? A: I better not tell you, it might spread. 
Q: How do baseball players stay cool? A: They sit next to their fans. 
Q: Why was the math book sad? A: Because it had too many problems. 
Q: What runs but doesn't get anywhere? A: A refrigerator. 
Q: What is an astronaut's favorite place on a computer? A: The Space bar! 
Q: Why was the robot mad? A: People kept pushing its buttons.
Q: What exam do young witches have to pass? A: A spell-ing test! 
Q: What do you call a sheep with no head and no legs? A: A cloud! 
Q: Why did the boy eat his homework? A: Because his teacher said it was a piece of cake! 
Q: Why is Basketball such a messy sport? A: Because you dribble on the floor! 
Q: How do you communicate with a fish? A: Drop him a line! 
Q: What did the digital watch say to his grandfather? A: Look grandpa no hands! 
Q: Where do sheep go to get haircuts? A: To the Baa Baa shop! 
Q: What does a shark like to eat with peanut butter? A: Jellyfish! 
Q: What do cats eat for breakfast? A: Mice Crispies! 
Q: Why can't a leopard hide? A: Because he's always spotted! 
Q: What do you give a dog with a fever? A: Mustard, its the best thing for a hot dog! 
Q: What do you get when you cross a cat with a lemon? A: A sour puss! 
Q: What kind of flower doesn't sleep at night? A: The Day-zzz 
Q: Why do birds fly south for the winter? A: Its easier than walking! 
Q: What kind of key opens a banana? A: A monkey! 
Q: Did you hear about the vampire bicycle that went round biting people's arms off? A: It was a vicious cycle. 
Q: How do you know that carrots are good for your eyesight? A: Have you ever seen a rabbit wearing glasses? 
Q: Why does a hummingbird hum? A: It doesn't know the words! 
Q: What did one plate say to the other? A: Dinners on me 
Q: Why are some fish at the bottom of the ocean? A: Because they dropped out of school! 
Q: What goes up and down but doesn't move? A: The temperature! 
Q: Which weighs more, a ton of feathers or a ton of bricks? A: Neither, they both weigh a ton! 
Q: Did you hear about the blonde who gave her cat a bath? A: She still hasn't gotten all the hair off her tongue. 
Q: What has one horn and gives milk A: A milk truck. 
Q: Where do bulls get their messages? A: On a bull-etin board. 
Q: What do bulls do when they go shopping? A: They CHARGE! 
Q: What do you call a house that likes food? A: a Condoment! 
Q: What runs but can't walk? A: The faucet! 
Q: What kind of bed does a mermaid sleep in? A: A water bed! 
Q: What kind of crackers do firemen like in their soup? A: Firecrackers! 
Q: Why did the barber win the race? A: Because he took a short cut. 
Q: Where do boats go when they get sick? A: The dock 
Q: What do you call leftover aliens? A: Extra Terrestrials. 
Q: What's taken before you get it? A: Your picture. 
Q: Whats the difference between roast beef and pea soup? A: You can roast beef, but you cant pea soup! 
Q: What concert costs 45 cents? A: 50 Cent featuring Nickleback. 
Q: Can February March? A: No. But April May. Did you hear about the injured vegetable? Some say he got beet. 
Q: Why did the tree go to the dentist? A: To get a root canal. 
Q: What is it called when a cat wins a dog show? A: A CAT-HAS-TROPHY! 
Q: Why was the broom late? A: It over swept! 
Q: Why is a 2016 calendar more popular than a 2015 calendar? A: It has more dates. 
Q: What caused the airline to go bankrupt? A: Runway inflation. 
Q: What do you call a snowman with a six pack? A: An abdominal snowman. 
Q: Did you hear the joke about the germ? A: Never mind. I don't want to spread it around 
Q: What do you call a person that chops up cereal. A: a cereal killer. 
Q: What do you call a crushed angle? A: a rectangle 
Q: Who do fish always know how much they weigh? A: Because they have their own scales. 
Q: Why didn't the 11 year old go to the pirate movie? A: because it was rated arrrrr 
Q: What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? A: SUPPLIES! 
Q: What did the tie say to the hat? A: You go on ahead and I'll hang around! 
Q: Did you hear about the limo driver who went 25 years without a customer? A: All that time and nothing to chauffeur it. 
Q: Why did the scarecrow win the nobel prize? A: Because he was outstanding in his field. 
Q: What pet makes the loudest noise? A: A trum-pet! 
Q: Did you hear about the kidnapping? A: He woke up. 
Q: What the difference between you and a calendar? A: a calendar has dates. 
Q: What do you call a rabbit with fleas? A: Bugs Bunny! 
Q: What word looks the same backwards and upside down? A: Swims 
Q: Why did the manager hire the marsupial? A: Because he was koala-fied. 
Q: How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? A: Tentacles. 
Q: What do you get if you a cross a card game with a typhoon? A: Bridge over troubled water. 
Q: Did you hear about the ghost comedian? A: He was booed off stage. 
Q: What do you get when you cross the Godfather with an attorney? A: An offer you can't understand. 
Q: What kind of emotions do noses feel? A: Nostralgia. Why did the dog cross the road? To get to the "barking" lot! 
Q: How do spiders communicate? A: Through the World Wide Web. Q: Why are chefs so mean? A: They beat eggs and whip cream. 
Q: Did you hear about the guy who's whole left side was cut off? A: He's all right now. 
Q: Did you hear about the paper boy? A: He blew away.